c:\users\petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\bin\Debug\PRO_camera_Test.exe.config
c:\users\petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\obj\Debug\PRO_camera_Test.Form1.resources
c:\users\petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\obj\Debug\PRO_camera_Test.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\obj\Debug\PRO_camera_Test.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\bin\Debug\PRO_camera_Test.exe
c:\users\petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\bin\Debug\PRO_camera_Test.pdb
c:\users\petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
c:\users\petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
c:\users\petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\obj\Debug\PRO_camera_Test.exe
c:\users\petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\obj\Debug\PRO_camera_Test.pdb
C:\Users\Petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\obj\Debug\PRO_camera_Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\obj\Debug\PRO_camera_Test.Form2CroppingImage.resources
C:\Users\Petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\bin\Debug\NKH.MindSqualls.dll
C:\Users\Petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\bin\Debug\WinUsbWrapper.dll
C:\Users\Petr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test\PRO_camera_Test\bin\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Lego.xml
C:\Users\Petr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test - kopie\PRO_camera_Test\bin\Debug\PRO_camera_Test.exe.config
C:\Users\Petr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test - kopie\PRO_camera_Test\obj\Debug\PRO_camera_Test.exe
C:\Users\Petr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PRO_camera_Test - kopie\PRO_camera_Test\obj\Debug\PRO_camera_Test.pdb
